hello guys and girls today I bring you 5
simple steps by twix to convert
our air 6 the 17th hole
the first thing all you need is
have them since given to have syria and
Once this is done, let's start
The first thing we see is the issue
I have since called 275 no
you will find everything also in the
description in case you have any questions and
as you see
the icons are similar if not equal to
those of the air and 7 we can see that up
the interface is the same of it
the colors and everything
it resembles a lot and the truth
We can see through all folders
same and it's pretty cool
in second place we find ourselves with
camps switcher and what it lets us do
multitasking does not let them see this
so cool way and like 17 and
as you can see by sliding up
we're not going to take away, it 's very cool
true and it's the same as there's 7's and its
name I repeat is car switcher
in third place we have display candy
that lets us make this tweet as
you see
that's how I can write what's
a movement that makes the application
to open again as you zoom to the
close and when opening that is also one
which is included and now the experience
therefore we have tried again here
character you see another reason
and again, the truth is very cool
and in fourth place we have
swain bank that does not let you apply
of this tweet because if we are not going to generate
for example to information as there is
or seven if we slide from the screen
from there from the center more or less
we will go back
there you see it without having to
press the settings button up there
then another let's try it there
beige with what pimp
and well the last place is
love parade pro that I am going to
Redirect to a video that I already made
about this tweet so you can see it more
background and that is simply center of
style notifications there are 17 in your
there are 26 good guys this is a video
makes a quick video in which you
I show for all those people who
you have not updated there is 7 as
have some of the functionalities of
new operating system in your there
66.1 6.2 points 6 points 1.2 etc.
and therefore without authorship do not forget
give a like comment subscribe and
okay, but